How to play:

The game board consists of (initially) a  6 X 6 board of squares. At any
time, each  square may  have one  of three colors:  red, blue,  or white
(neutral), and some number of spots (as on dice). Initially, all squares
are white and have no spots.

For purposes  of naming squares,  we'll use the following  notation: r:c
refers to the square at row r and column c, where 1 < = r, c ??? N.

Rows are numbered from top to bottom  (top row is row 1) and columns are
numbered from the  left. The neighbors of a square  are the horizontally
and  vertically adjacent  squares (diagonally  adjacent squares  are not
neighbors). We say  that a square is overfull if  it contains more spots
than it has neighbors. Thus, the  four corner squares are over full when
they have  more than two spots;  other squares on the  edge are overfull
with more than  three spots; and all others are  overfull with more than
four spots.  There are two  players, whom we'll  call Red and  Blue. The
players each  move in  turn, with  Red going first.  A move  consists of
adding one  spot on any square  that does not have  the opponent's color
(so Red may add  a spot to either a red or white  square). A spot placed
on a white square colors that  square with the player's color. After the
player has  moved, we repeat  the following  process until no  square is
overfull or all squares are the same color:

1. Pick an overfull square.

2. For each  neighbor of the overfull  square, move one spot  out of the
square and into the neighbor.

3. Give  each of these neighboring  squares the player's color  (if they
don't have it already).

Commands:

--clear--

Abandons the current game (if one  is in progress), and clears the board
to its initial configuration (all  squares neutral). Playing stops until
the next start command.

--start--

Start playing from the current position, if not doing so already (has no
effect if currently playing). Takes  moves alternately from Red and Blue
according to their color and the current move number.

--auto COLOR--

Stops the current game until the next start command and causes player of
COLOR to be  played by an automated player (an  AI) on subsequent moves.
The value COLOR must be ???red??? or ???blue??? (ignore case??????Red???
or ???RED??? also work). Initially, Blue is an automated player.

--manual COLOR--

Stops the current game until the next start command and causes player of
COLOR to be played by a human  on subsequent moves. The value COLOR must
be ???red???  or ???blue???  (ignore case??????Red??? or  ???RED??? also
work). Initially, Blue is an automated player.

--size N--

Stops any current  game, clears the board to  its initial configuration,
and sets the size of the board to N squares. Initially, N = 6. N must be
of the form [0-9]

--move N--

Stop any current  game, set the number  of the next move  N. You usually
use  this  command  after  setting  up an  initial  position  (with  set
commands.) Initially, the number of the next move is 1.

--set R C N P--

Stop any current game. Put N spots at row R and column C P is either 'b'
or 'r' (for blue or red,) indicating  the color of the square. When N is
0, P is ignored and the square is cleared.

--dump--

It prints the board out in exactly the following format:

2r -- 2r 2r -- 2b
-- -- 2r -- 3r --
2r 3r 2r 3r -- 2b
3r 1r 3r 2r 2r 2b
2b 4r 3r 1r 3r 2b
2b 2b 3b 2r 3b 1b

markers at the left margin and  other lines indented four spa ces. Here,
'--' indicates  a neutral square,  'N r' indicates  a red square  with N
spots, and 'N b' indicates a blue square with N spots.
